Daughter picks the expensive one.
When he comes, he can't listen to you talking about me.
I've kissed seventy or eighty times
I know better than you how to deal with these stinky men
I want all the dishes above
And 10,000 dollars a bottle of wine in your store
Give me ten more bottles
Miss, how many people are we?
These 30 + dishes
With these wines, there are more than 100,000
Besides, you can't finish it.
Just you dirty thing, I can't finish eating and packing.
Wordy
Believe it or not, I'll ask your store manager to get you out of here
If you can't finish drinking, you can sell it.
You'll make 100,000 at once
Lu Xuan
Hey, hello.
Excuse me.
Dear
Since you are here for a blind date
Then Auntie got straight to the point
What to say
I didn't say you have a car or a house
Not yet.
No car, no house, so naturally there is no deposit
It's just a poor ghost learning from others, what kind of kiss?
Buy the order and go away
The two co-authors asked me to pay for it
I haven't eaten a bite of this dish
It's your business if you don't eat
What do you mean, I'm on a blind date with you?
He wants my hit registered
This is the first time we have met.
And you're not my girlfriend
Just like you
I can't find a girlfriend in my life
The old lady put the words here
Why don't you buy this order today?
I'm not done with you
He is not stupid for the main order today.